# Background
The game starts at 501 (sometimes 301) points and the goal is to reduce one's score to zero, i.e. the player's score decreases instead of increasing when they continue playing. The player throws three darts in one turn, and their score decreases according to the sections their darts hit on the dartboard. Different sections award points according to the number on the outer edge of the section. In addition, there are areas on the dartboard where, if hit, the points of that section are doubled or tripled, and in the middle the bullseye, its outer ring awarding 25 points and the center 50 points. This means that a single throw can award 0 - 60 points (60 points can be achieved by tripling 20).

The game ends when one player reduces their score to zero. If the player's score reaches the value 1 or a negative value, the score will be reset to the score the player had at the start of their turn. For example, if the player has a score of 32 at the start of the turn and they throw the points 11, 17 and 3, their score reaches the value 1 and will be reset back to 32. In a real game of darts the player's turn can end early after throwing one or two darts if their score reaches the value 0, 1 or a negative value. So, if the player had a score of 32 and they threw 50 points, their turn would be over and they would not throw a second or a third dart anymore. To make the exercise easier, we will simplify the game a little and the player will throw all three of their darts on every turn.

There are a lot of other rules in darts as well. We will ignore these in this exercise in order to not make it too difficult. For example, the player's last throw, the one to reduce their score to 0, should be a double, e.g. hit a double area. In some variations the start throw should be a double as well.
